Docs: Add panel filtering (#110720)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/shared/visualizations/panel-filtering.md

---
title: Panel filtering
---

<!-- use heading: Panel filtering with ad hoc filters -->

<!-- vale Grafana.WordList = NO -->
<!-- vale Grafana.Spelling = NO -->

In table visualizations, you can apply ad hoc filters from the visualization with one click.

> To quickly ad hoc filter variables, follow these steps:

Reviewer: How about this?
```suggestion
To quickly filter the dashboard data, follow these steps:
```

We're not filtering variables here. We're filtering the dashboard itself (or the dashboard data themselves).
